Hey there. This repository is an upload of a semester long project I worked on alongside two classmates titled "Modeling Electronic Arts's Market Success From Game Data"for our CMSC 655   Numerical Computations class. For our project, we used Python based analytic algorithms to try to disover and  study any correlations from publisher EA's game sales based on as many charactistics of the games that we could compile. 

Here were our project guidelines:

Working in a group of 2-3 students, you will propose and carry out an experimental project dealing with CMSC655 course material. In your project, you will pose a focused question about any concrete important application of your choice. To answer your question, you will implement and experimentally analyze a numerical program in a general-purpose programming language of your choice (e.g. C, C++, Java). You will communicate your findings in writing in the form of a computer science technical report. In addition to answering your question, your report will comment on the algorithmic design, performance numerical accuracy of your approach.


The purpose of this project is to give you an open-ended opportunity to integrate your practical and theoretical knowledge of numerical computing in a meaningful application. In addition, this project introduces you to experimental evaluation of algorithms, numerical programming and critical thinking, group work, the technical report, and the research process.


Because much can be learned from group work, you must work in group. The group size must be 2 or 3.Your project must ask and answer a focused, well-defined question about an application. This question must be clearly stated and motivated in the introduction of your report.Your project must include experimental analysis of the algorithms used, including time and space measurements and analysis of your numerical approach.Take as your intended audience an A student in CMSC-655. Your report must contain some graphs summarizing your experimental findings (including time and space measurements). These graphs must show both the observed mean and square root of the observed variance taken over several (not just one) measurement per input size. Typically, the most useful scale to use in preparing such graphs is a log-scale, which enables you to display a wide range of sizes on the same graph.Importantly, your report must contain an extensive analysis and interpretation of your experimental data, including their strengths and limitations, especially with regard to what the data say about your main question. Do not simply show the data.Your report must include a thoughtful section that discusses the benefits and limitations of your approach, based on your experiences.
Your written report must contain all the standard elements of a computer science technical report. (See the document on how to write a technical report.)

Grading Criteria
Your project will be evaluated on the basis of your project report. The project report will be evaluated using the same criteria by which computer science research journals evaluate submitted manuscripts: appropriateness to assignment, scientific merit, and effective presentation. Scientific merit includes correctness, novelty, significance, non-triviality, scientific completeness. For each group, typically all members will receive the same grade.
